# Hello-World
Nothing to see here(yet)

Hey everyone!

  I'm beginning a new chapter today. I'm committing myself to learn how to become a full stack developer! It may not seem all that crazy sounding, but it is to me. First off, I know nothing about coding. Second, this is the first time in my life I know that I will be jobless within a few weeks, the company I work for has been sold. The timing is not the best for my family(if there ever was a good time to be jobless), as we are in the middle of buying a house and we have a 13mo old baby boy. To say that this is a daunting experience would be selling the feeling short. The competitive side of me feels as if this is a challenge that has been placed in my life to truly show myself what I am made of, while the logical side is PANICKING! I am determined to not give in to the panic that is so readily available, but face this situation head on and make this "My Victory". One of the things I've said to friends/family over the years; "It's easy to be at your best when things are going well for you, but when everything is going wrong and you're in a bad situation that is when your true colors show. Who you really are is defined while you're in your worst situation and how you recover is everything!" It is officially time for me to really embrace that saying and figure out what I am made of. 

  I am putting this out there for anyone that may be able to relate, or anyone that may just want to follow me along this journey. The main reason I'm putting this out there is for myself. I want to be able to look back at this moment and truly relive my vulnerable situation so I can appreciate how far I have come. I want to know who I really am in my worst scenario. The future is bright, it's now time to dig to get out of this hole and see how bright it is!
